I don't usually accept gifts.
Actually, I just want to tease you today.
It doesn't matter
Just consider it as my gift to you to make amends.
But this is too much
If you really feel bad
You can also pledge your love
Hate
Favorability +5
The same teasing
This is the difference between the rich and the poor
Don't be too impatient
You have to play the long game to catch the big fish
Okay, I'm very happy today.
But I'm not that casual.
snort
Raymond Lam Actually I Still Love You
I'm waiting for you in the coffee shop where you confessed to me
snort
Wang Shiyu
You don't think I'm the one you just want to coax
Can you come back to be a dog that pays you?
My daughter, I will compensate you.
Revenge has just begun
snort
The fun begins
Brother, I just want you to help me PK and beat Li Feier
I will return your money in full
Ling Feng, why did you come just now?
Talk about things
Didn't you always say you couldn't live without me?
I can give you one more chance
4 He said he doesn't mind giving me to you
Hum, Xu Shao and I are really just friends.
I'm sorry I think you're dirty